.coveragerc
.editorconfig
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yml
AUTHORS.txt
CHANGELOG.md
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
CONTRIBUTORS.txt
LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
renovate.json
Lib/fontbakery/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/__main__.py
Lib/fontbakery/_version.py
Lib/fontbakery/axes.proto
Lib/fontbakery/axes_pb2.py
Lib/fontbakery/callable.py
Lib/fontbakery/checkrunner.py
Lib/fontbakery/cli.py
Lib/fontbakery/codetesting.py
Lib/fontbakery/configuration.py
Lib/fontbakery/constants.py
Lib/fontbakery/designers.proto
Lib/fontbakery/designers_pb2.py
Lib/fontbakery/errors.py
Lib/fontbakery/fonts_profile.py
Lib/fontbakery/fonts_public.proto
Lib/fontbakery/fonts_public_pb2.py
Lib/fontbakery/glyphdata.py
Lib/fontbakery/message.py
Lib/fontbakery/prelude.py
Lib/fontbakery/profile.py
Lib/fontbakery/result.py
Lib/fontbakery/status.py
Lib/fontbakery/testable.py
Lib/fontbakery/update_shaping_tests.py
Lib/fontbakery/utils.py
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/PKG-INFO
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/entry_points.txt
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/requires.txt
Lib/fontbakery.egg-info/top_level.txt
Lib/fontbakery/checks/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/alt_caron.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/arabic.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/cjk.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/cjk_chws_feature.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/cmap.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/color.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/conditions.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/contour_count.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/empty_letters.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/epar.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/family_single_directory.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/filesize.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/fontbakery.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/fontval.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/freetype_rasterizer.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/glyf.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/glyphnames.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/glyphset.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/gpos7.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/gpos_kerning_info.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/hinting.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/interpolation_issues.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/iso15008.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/kerning.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/legacy_accents.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/ligature_carets.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/math_signs_width.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/metrics.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/name.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/namecheck.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/outline.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/sanitize.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/sfnt_version.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/shaping.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/smallcaps_before_ligatures.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/stat.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/stylistic_sets.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/superfamily.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/tables.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/tabular_glyphs.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/transformed_components.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/ufo.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/varfont.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/whitespace.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/cff.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/fvar.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/gdef.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/glyf.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/head.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/hhea.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/kern.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/layout.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/loca.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/name.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/os2.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/post.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/opentype/stat.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/adobefonts.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/fontbureau.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/fontwerk.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/notofonts.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/typenetwork.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/article.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/axisregistry.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/conditions.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/constants.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/copyright.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/description.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/family.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/glyphset.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/head.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/hinting.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/hosted.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/license.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/meta.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/metadata.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/name.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/os2.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/repo.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/stat.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/subsets.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/varfont.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/googlefonts/vmetrics.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/microsoft/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/checks/vendorspecific/microsoft/character_repertoires.py
Lib/fontbakery/data/README.md
Lib/fontbakery/data/fontbakery-logo.base64
Lib/fontbakery/data/fontbakery-logo.svg
Lib/fontbakery/data/fontbakery-microsoft-vendorlist.cache
Lib/fontbakery/data/googlefonts/abbreviations_familyname_exceptions.txt
Lib/fontbakery/data/googlefonts/camelcased_familyname_exceptions.txt
Lib/fontbakery/data/googlefonts/reserved_font_name_exceptions.txt
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/adobefonts.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/fontbureau.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/fontval.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/fontwerk.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/googlefonts.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/iso15008.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/microsoft.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/notofonts.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/opentype.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/typenetwork.py
Lib/fontbakery/profiles/universal.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/badge.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/ghmarkdown.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/html.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/serialize.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/terminal.py
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/base.css
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/check.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/logo.svg
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/main.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/section.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/summary_notes.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/summary_table.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/html/top.html
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/markdown/check.markdown
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/markdown/checks.markdown
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/markdown/main.markdown
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/typenetwork/html/logo.svg
Lib/fontbakery/reporters/templates/typenetwork/html/top.html
Lib/fontbakery/sphinx_extensions/__init__.py
Lib/fontbakery/sphinx_extensions/profile.py
data/logo.png
data/test/README.txt
data/test/028/multiple/LICENSE.txt
data/test/028/multiple/OFL.txt
data/test/028/none/NoLicenseHere.txt
data/test/028/pass_apache/LICENSE.txt
data/test/028/pass_ofl/OFL.txt
data/test/BadGrades/BadGrades-VF.ttf
data/test/abeezee/ABeeZee-Italic.ttf
data/test/abeezee/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
data/test/abeezee/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/abeezee/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/abeezee/METADATA.pb
data/test/abeezee/OFL.txt
data/test/abeezee_ext_lookup/ABeeZee-Regular_GPOS_ext_lookup.ttf
data/test/akshar/Akshar[wght].ttf
data/test/akshar/OFL.txt
data/test/amiri/AmiriQuranColored.ttf
data/test/ancho/AnchoGX.ttf
data/test/ancho/README.txt
data/test/annie/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
data/test/article_missing_visual_file/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/article_no_visual/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/article_valid/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/article_valid/article/images/image.svg
data/test/bad_character_set/control_chars/FontbakeryTesterCCGood-Regular.ttf
data/test/bad_character_set/control_chars/FontbakeryTesterCCMultiBad-Regular.ttf
data/test/bad_character_set/control_chars/FontbakeryTesterCCOneBad-Regular.ttf
data/test/bad_character_set/control_chars/OFL.txt
data/test/bad_fonts/bad_stylenames/NotoSans-Fat.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/bad_stylenames/NotoSans.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/fvar_stat_differences/AxisLocationVAR-Italic.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/fvar_stat_differences/AxisLocationVAR.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/ots/bad_post_version.otf
data/test/bad_fonts/ots/no_glyph_data.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/reflowing_ROND/BadRoundness-VF.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-Bold.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-Italic.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-Light.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-LightItalic.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-Medium.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/bad_fonts/style_linking_issues/NotoSans-Regular.ttf
data/test/bizudpmincho-nameonly/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
data/test/bizudpmincho-nameonly/METADATA.pb
data/test/broken_expletus_vf/ExpletusSansBeta-VF.ttf
data/test/broken_markazitext/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
data/test/broken_metadata/METADATA.pb
data/test/cabin/Cabin-Bold.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-Italic.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-Medium.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-Regular.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/cabin/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabin/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
data/test/cabin/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
data/test/cabin/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
data/test/cabin/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/cabin/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/cabin/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/cabin/METADATA.pb
data/test/cabin/OFL.txt
data/test/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
data/test/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
data/test/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
data/test/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/Cabin-Italic[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/cabinvf/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/cabinvf/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/cabinvf/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/cabinvf/METADATA.pb
data/test/cabinvf/OFL.txt
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-Bold.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-Italic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-Medium.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-Regular.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-Italic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/cabinvf/static/CabinCondensed-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/Cabin-Italic-VF.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/Cabin-Italic.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/Cabin-Roman-VF.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/Cabin-Roman.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/Cabin-VF.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/CabinVFBeta-Italic.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/CabinVFBeta-Italic[wght].ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/CabinVFBeta.ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/CabinVFBeta[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/CabinVFBeta[wght,wdth].ttf
data/test/cabinvfbeta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/cabinvfbeta/EARLY_ACCESS.category
data/test/cabinvfbeta/OFL.txt
data/test/cairo/CairoPlay-Italic.leftslanted.ttf
data/test/cairo/CairoPlay-Italic.rightslanted.ttf
data/test/cjk/SourceHanSans-Regular.otf
data/test/color_fonts/AmiriQuranColored.ttf
data/test/color_fonts/AmiriQuranColored_gid1_notempty.ttf
data/test/color_fonts/AmiriQuranColored_too_dark.ttf
data/test/color_fonts/noto-glyf_colr_1.ttf
data/test/cousine/Cousine-Bold.ttf
data/test/cousine/Cousine-Regular.ttf
data/test/cousine/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/cousine/LICENSE.txt
data/test/cousine/METADATA.pb
data/test/coveredbyyourgrace/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
data/test/delicioushandrawn/DeliciousHandrawn-Regular.ttf
data/test/delicioushandrawn/METADATA.pb
data/test/deprecated_operators/cff1_dotsection.otf
data/test/deprecated_operators/cff1_endchar_seac.otf
data/test/dm-sans-v1.100/DMSans-Regular.ttf
data/test/familysans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Black.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-BlackItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Bold.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-ExtraBold.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-ExtraLight.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-ExtraLightItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Italic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Light.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-LightItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Medium.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Regular.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-Thin.ttf
data/test/familysans/FamilySans-ThinItalic.ttf
data/test/familysans/METADATA.pb
data/test/fira/FiraCode[wght].ttf
data/test/fontbureau/ytlcSample.ttf
data/test/glyphs_files/Comfortaa.glyphs
data/test/hinting/Roboto-VF.ttf
data/test/ibmplexsans-vf/IBMPlexSansVar-Italic.ttf
data/test/ibmplexsans-vf/IBMPlexSansVar-Roman.ttf
data/test/indic-font-with-rupee-sign/NotoSerifDevanagari-Regular.ttf
data/test/indic-font-without-rupee-sign/NotoSansOlChiki-Regular.ttf
data/test/issue_2898/good/README.md
data/test/issue_2898/good/assets/Tomorrow-A-Z(1).png
data/test/issue_2898/image-missing/README.md
data/test/issue_2898/image-missing/assets/Tomorrow-A-Z.png
data/test/issue_2898/image-not-displayed/README.md
data/test/issue_2898/image-not-displayed/documents/raleway-promo.jpg
data/test/issue_2898/no-sample/README.md
data/test/issue_2898/not-ideal-placement/README.md
data/test/issue_2898/not-ideal-placement/documents/raleway-promo.jpg
data/test/issue_2932/bad/METADATA.pb
data/test/issue_2932/bad/SomeFont-Regular.ttf
data/test/issue_2932/good/METADATA.pb
data/test/issue_2932/good/SomeFont-Regular.ttf
data/test/leaguegothic-vf/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/leaguegothic-vf/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
data/test/leaguegothic-vf/METADATA.pb
data/test/leaguegothic-vf/OFL.txt
data/test/leaguegothic-vf/upstream.yaml
data/test/librecaslontext/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Italic[wght].ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/METADATA.pb
data/test/librecaslontext/OFL.txt
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-Bold.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-Italic.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-Medium.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-Regular.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/librecaslontext/static/LibreCaslonText-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/lugrasimo/Lugrasimo-Regular.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-Black.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-Bold.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-Light.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-Medium.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-Regular.ttf
data/test/mada/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/mada/OFL.txt
data/test/mada/README.txt
data/test/merriweather/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/merriweather/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/merriweather/METADATA.pb
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-Black.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-BlackItalic.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-Italic.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-Light.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-LightItalic.ttf
data/test/merriweather/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
data/test/merriweather/OFL.txt
data/test/meta_tag/NotoSansPhagsPa-Regular-with-meta.ttf
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font.designspace
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/groups.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/layercontents.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/lib.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/groups.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/layercontents.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/lib.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist
data/test/mismatched_groups/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
data/test/misplaced_image_files/article/image1.png
data/test/misplaced_image_files/article/image2.svg
data/test/missing_article/EMPTY_DIR
data/test/moiraione/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/moiraione/METADATA.pb
data/test/moiraione/MoiraiOne-Regular.ttf
data/test/moiraione/OFL.txt
data/test/moiraione/upstream.yaml
data/test/montserrat/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/montserrat/METADATA.pb
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Black.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-BlackItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Bold.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-ExtraBold.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-ExtraLight.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-ExtraLightItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Italic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Light.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-LightItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Medium.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Regular.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-Thin.ttf
data/test/montserrat/Montserrat-ThinItalic.ttf
data/test/montserrat/OFL.txt
data/test/mutatorsans-vf/MutatorSans-VF.ttf
data/test/mutatorsans-vf/README.md
data/test/not_a_varfont/Cabin-VF.ttf
data/test/noto_sans_tamil_supplement/NotoSansTamilSupplement-Regular.ttf
data/test/notoemoji/NotoEmoji-Regular.ttf
data/test/notosansbamum/NotoSansBamum[wght].ttf
data/test/notosanskhudawadi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/notosanskhudawadi/METADATA.pb
data/test/notosanskhudawadi/NotoSansKhudawadi-Regular.ttf
data/test/notosanskhudawadi/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/notosansmath/NotoSansMath-Regular.ttf
data/test/nunito/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/nunito/METADATA.pb
data/test/nunito/Nunito-Black.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-BlackItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-Bold.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-ExtraBold.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-ExtraLight.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-ExtraLightItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-Italic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-Light.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-LightItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-Regular.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/nunito/Nunito-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/nunito/OFL.txt
data/test/overlapping_path_segments/Figtree[wght].ttf
data/test/overpassmono/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/overpassmono/METADATA.pb
data/test/overpassmono/OFL.txt
data/test/overpassmono/OverpassMono-Bold.ttf
data/test/overpassmono/OverpassMono-Light.ttf
data/test/overpassmono/OverpassMono-Regular-post-edit.subset.ttf
data/test/overpassmono/OverpassMono-Regular.ttf
data/test/overpassmono/OverpassMono-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/overpassmono/another_directory/ThisShouldNotBeHere.otf
data/test/playfair/Playfair-Italic[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-Bold.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-Italic.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-Medium.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-MediumItalic.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-Regular.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
data/test/regression/cabin/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/regression/cabin/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/regression/cabin/METADATA.pb
data/test/regression/cabin/OFL.txt
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Black.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Bold.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-ExtraBold.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-ExtraLight.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Light.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Medium.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Regular.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-SemiBold.otf
data/test/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Thin.otf
data/test/rosarivo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/rosarivo/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/rosarivo/METADATA.pb
data/test/rosarivo/OFL.txt
data/test/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Italic.ttf
data/test/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
data/test/rosarivo_metadata/METADATA.pb
data/test/rosarivo_metadata/Rosarivo-Italic.ttf
data/test/rosarivo_metadata/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
data/test/rubik/OFL.txt
data/test/rubik/Rubik-Italic.ttf
data/test/selawik/Selawik-fvar-test-VTT.ttf
data/test/shantell/ShantellSans-FakeVFBoldItalic[BNCE,INFM,SPAC,wght].ttf
data/test/shantell/ShantellSans-FakeVFBold[BNCE,INFM,SPAC,wght].ttf
data/test/shantell/ShantellSans-Italic[BNCE,INFM,SPAC,wght].ttf
data/test/shantell/ShantellSans[BNCE,INFM,SPAC,wght].ttf
data/test/sharetech/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
data/test/short_article/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/slabo/Slabo13px.ttf
data/test/slant_direction/Cairo_correct_slnt_axis.ttf
data/test/slant_direction/Cairo_wrong_slnt_axis.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/LICENSE.txt
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Black.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-BlackItalic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Bold.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightItalic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Italic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Light.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-LightItalic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Regular.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-Semibold.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/OTF/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-BlackIt.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightIt.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-It.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-LightIt.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/TTF/SourceSansPro-SemiboldIt.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/VAR/SourceSansVariable-Italic.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/VAR/SourceSansVariable-Italic.ttf
data/test/source-sans-pro/VAR/SourceSansVariable-Roman.otf
data/test/source-sans-pro/VAR/SourceSansVariable-Roman.ttf
data/test/stixtwomath/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/stixtwomath/METADATA.pb
data/test/stixtwomath/OFL.txt
data/test/stixtwomath/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
data/test/stixtwomath/upstream.yaml
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font.designspace
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/layercontents.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/lib.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/layercontents.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/lib.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif
data/test/stupidfont/Stupid Font Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
data/test/subr_test_fonts/README.md
data/test/subr_test_fonts/subr_test_font_infinite_recursion.otf
data/test/subr_test_fonts/var_subr_test_font_infinite_recursion.otf
data/test/test.ufo/fontinfo.plist
data/test/test.ufo/layercontents.plist
data/test/test.ufo/lib.plist
data/test/test.ufo/metainfo.plist
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/layerinfo.plist
data/test/test.ufo/glyphs/square.glif
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/METADATA.pb
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/OFL.txt
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/TiroDevanagariHindi-Italic.ttf
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/upstream.yaml
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/tirodevanagarihindi/article/hero.png
data/test/ttc/NotoSerifToto.ttc
data/test/ubuntusans/UbuntuSans-Italic[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/ubuntusans/UbuntuSans[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/ubuntusansmono/UbuntuMono-Italic[wght].ttf
data/test/ubuntusansmono/UbuntuMono[wght].ttf
data/test/unicode-decode-err/unicode-decode-err-cff.otf
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/ABeeZee-Italic.ttf
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/METADATA.pb
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/OFL.txt
data/test/unsupported_html_elements/article/ARTICLE.en_us.html
data/test/varfont/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/varfont/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/OpenSans-Italic[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/Oswald-VF.ttf
data/test/varfont/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/inter/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/jura/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html
data/test/varfont/jura/FONTLOG.txt
data/test/varfont/jura/Jura[wght].ttf
data/test/varfont/jura/METADATA.pb
data/test/varfont/jura/OFL.txt
data/test/varfont/jura/static/Jura-Regular.ttf
data/test/varfont/jura/static/PLEASE-NOTE.txt
data/test/wonky_paths/OutlineTest.ttf
data/test/wonky_paths/README.txt
data/test/wonky_paths/Wonky Paths.glyphs
data/test/wonky_paths/WonkySourceSansPro-Regular.otf
data/test/wonky_paths/WonkySourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
docs/Makefile
docs/index.html
docs/make.bat
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/developer/contrib-getting-started.rst
docs/source/developer/doc-contrib-guide.rst
docs/source/developer/source-contrib-guide.rst
docs/source/developer/writing-profiles.md
docs/source/fontbakery/callable.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checkrunner.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/cli.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/constants.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/fonts_profile.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/fonts_public_pb2.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/glyphdata.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/index.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/message.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/utils.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/adobefonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/fontbureau.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/fontval.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/fontwerk.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/googlefonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/index.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/iso15008.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/microsoft.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/notofonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/opentype.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/outline.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/shaping.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/typenetwork.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/checks/ufo.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/commands/check_profile.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/commands/index.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/adobefonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/fontbureau.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/fontval.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/fontwerk.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/googlefonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/index.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/iso15008.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/notofonts.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/opentype.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/shaping.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/profiles/universal.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/reporters/ghmarkdown.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/reporters/html.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/reporters/index.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/reporters/serialize.rst
docs/source/fontbakery/reporters/terminal.rst
docs/source/maintainer/maintainer-notes.md
docs/source/product/Overview.md
docs/source/product/images/figure2.1.png
docs/source/product/images/figure2.2.png
docs/source/product/images/figure2.3.png
docs/source/product/images/figure3.1.png
docs/source/product/images/figure3.2.png
docs/source/product/images/figure3.3.png
docs/source/product/images/figure4.1.png
docs/source/product/images/figure4.2.png
docs/source/product/images/figure4.3.png
docs/source/user/USAGE.md
docs/source/user/bash-completion.md
docs/source/user/installation/index.rst
docs/source/user/installation/install-gnu-linux.md
docs/source/user/installation/install-macos.md
docs/source/user/installation/install-windows.md
examples/shaping.md
examples/shaping/01-regression.json
examples/shaping/02-forbidden-glyphs.json
examples/shaping/03-collisions.json
meta_scripts/build_contributors.py
meta_scripts/generate_glyphdata.py
snippets/dump-all-the-checks.py
snippets/fontbakery-check-gfonts-collection.sh
snippets/fontbakery-check-noto-version.sh
snippets/fontbakery-check-upstream.py
snippets/fontbakery.bash-completion
snippets/test_nametable-from-filename.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/example_check_definitions.py
tests/example_profile.py
tests/test_checks_adobefonts.py
tests/test_checks_adobefonts_overrides.py
tests/test_checks_alt_caron.py
tests/test_checks_cjk.py
tests/test_checks_cjk_chws_feature.py
tests/test_checks_color.py
tests/test_checks_contour_count.py
tests/test_checks_empty_letters.py
tests/test_checks_epar.py
tests/test_checks_family_single_directory.py
tests/test_checks_filesize.py
tests/test_checks_fontval.py
tests/test_checks_fontwerk.py
tests/test_checks_freetype_rasterizer.py
tests/test_checks_glyf.py
tests/test_checks_glyphset.py
tests/test_checks_googlefonts.py
tests/test_checks_googlefonts_conditions.py
tests/test_checks_googlefonts_overrides.py
tests/test_checks_gpos7.py
tests/test_checks_gpos_kerning_info.py
tests/test_checks_hinting.py
tests/test_checks_interpolation_issues.py
tests/test_checks_iso15008.py
tests/test_checks_kerning.py
tests/test_checks_legacy_accents.py
tests/test_checks_ligature_carets.py
tests/test_checks_math_signs_width.py
tests/test_checks_metrics.py
tests/test_checks_microsoft.py
tests/test_checks_name.py
tests/test_checks_namecheck.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_cff.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_fvar.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_gdef.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_glyf.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_head.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_hhea.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_kern.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_layout.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_loca.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_name.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_os2.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_post.py
tests/test_checks_opentype_stat.py
tests/test_checks_outline.py
tests/test_checks_sfnt_version.py
tests/test_checks_shaping.py
tests/test_checks_smallcaps_before_ligatures.py
tests/test_checks_stat.py
tests/test_checks_structural.py
tests/test_checks_superfamily.py
tests/test_checks_tables.py
tests/test_checks_tabular_glyphs.py
tests/test_checks_transformed_components.py
tests/test_checks_typenetwork.py
tests/test_checks_ufo.py
tests/test_checks_universal.py
tests/test_checks_varfont.py
tests/test_checks_whitespace.py
tests/test_codetesting.py
tests/test_commands_usage.py
tests/test_external_profile.py
tests/test_pip_extras.py
tests/test_profiles.py
tests/test_utils.py